# MiSQL - the database acceleration engine

## Synopsis
This is the top level directory containing all of MeltIron open source assets.  The directory structure is as follows:

├── docs						This is the documentation that is not on the MeltIron wiki.  They include Doxygen generated files and user documentation.
├── code                        Source code for MiSQL
├── driver                      The ODBC/JDBC drivers
├── install						Source code of the install scripts and code
├── INSTALL.txt					Installation procedure
├── misql-engine				Source code of the main MiSQL component that manages between all the various sub-components
├── sample						Sample code showing usage of MiSQL
└── test						Various test code and documents

The MiSQL is a Database accelerator.  It sits in between the application and the DB and uses GPUs and Cacheing to accelerate the queries that the application makes.

This is the top level directory for MiSQL.  All assets of MiSQL are stored here.

## Installation
Please look at INSTALL.txt for more on installing the product.  INSTALL.txt also points to the installation documentation.

## Documentation
Please look at the directory meltiron/docs/.  This directory contains all the user documentation as well as doxygen generated documentation.  Documentation generated by Doxygen is the primary detailed documentation.  Most other documentation is actually on the github wiki of MeltIron.

## Tests
The directory meltiron/tests/MiSQL. contains various test scripts.  Information on running the test scripts is documented in the developer documentation.
You should file all issues in MeltIron's issue tracker of github.  It will be tracked from there.

### Issues and features
We look forward to your feedback, inputs on issues and features.  Github's issue tracker is the best place to post any issue and mail feedback to feedback (at) meltiron (dot) com.  Please first check if an issue is already posted before posting your issue otherwise we will waste time merging related issues.
Github's wiki is the best place to get answers to your various questions.  Please also check the documentation stored on github.

You should file all issues in MeltIron's issue tracker of github.  It will be tracked from there.  Please ensure you AT LEAST include the following information.  This is important as without this information we may not be able to address your issue:
* Product Name <MiSQL, MiStreams, milib>
* Version of the product
* description of the issue and the procedure of reproducing it
* Your hardware and software setup.

Should you like to contribute by taking up an issue or a feature, please reach out the contributors here so that we can track and there is no duplication of effort.

## Change Log
5/11/16: created the directory structure & added the README.md
18/12/17: Updated, minor corrections

## Authors, Contributors

### Maintainers
Rinka Singh rinka (at) meltiron (dot) com is the primary architect.

